Now Let's Make some Polish 
Requirement 
1. Generic : Where my application will be install in any plant and every plant has it's own 
1.1. Data base types
1.2. Data base structures and differnet tables 
1.3. Inpsection devices which generate different defect type and different structure 
1.4. production lines different structures
1.5. different Proccess and different and unqiue worklows
1.6. every CEO and process engnieer in every plant have different focus and want to monitor different process parameter and different KPI and different type of correlation 

Based on that 
1. Backend : I need My Data Domain Model and Endpoint and Everything to be generic this will be done by 
1.1. we should to be able to access all kind of Database ( MSSQL , PostgreSQL , MySQl , Oracle , Excel , .csv )

1.2. in Adminstrator part - DB Configuration page - DB Link Configuration tab : in Front end : 
1.2.1.User Define and configure those DB link and define in each DB link which table he want to import in our Application
1.2.2.User Define and configure as well the rate where we read it or import it again and copy past it from his Database or data source files and make a dumpy copy file in our application 
1.2.3. Every Importing data called a job and , it has job name and job cycle and job status if it crash
1.2.3. this rate could be every from :starting by  2 min  up to few day 
1.2.4. we the next scan cycle of the table we compare the last index in our dump file against last index of table in the customer Database table and we import in our dump file copy the last few record 

1.3. Those dump files which are stored in our application are lastest copy state of customer several DBs not based on our own structure

1.4. in Adminstrator part - Schema Configuration Page ( have several tab) : in Front end : 
1.4.1. in this tab user should be able to configure and  write some view and some querey and configure and map all his imported table to fit into my generic schema 
1.4.2. for example user can make joing  for piece Id  between  piece id  from Dump File coming from  HotStripMill oracelDB  with MaterialId from DumpFile coming from Inspection Surface inspection device MySQL DB 
1.4.3. For example user create and make a KPI as new sql view script : and add it to our process parameter to certain equipment or area 
1.4.5. For example may be the process parameter of EAF is normalizae we have table of processDefition Proccess id and process name , and another table for all process id and values against every heat id so may be us automatic or user make this script and joining   
1.4.6. I don't have yet a full vision how this configuration and mapping could be done I want your support to desgin it to be effective advanced proffesional and detailed and generic

1.5.in Adminstrator part - DB Configuration page - Importing Data tab : in Front end : 
1.5.1. after user make configuration and sql scripting and creating views and Mapping and linking and joining between several Dump files 
1.5.2. User Define and configure as well the rate where we read it or import it again and copy past it from dumpy copy files to our Data base in our application and this rate of HMI refresh where new data is ready 
1.5.3. this Importing data called a job and , it has job name and job cycle and job status if it crash

1.6. in Adminstrator part - Jobs Monitors page
1.6.1. Monitor every job status (last time was run correct or crash or timeout), last run data time , duration taken during last run to copy or import or execution 


2. Front End :
2.1. Creating Page :
2.1.1. User are able to create or delete or modify any page 
2.1.2. after creating page here have library of all widgets (all charts , KPI , sorting and filtering tool (date time , list of value )) he drag drop the widget to the page until customize the page , the press save 
2.1.3. Also for existing Pages , he can edit or delete or add a widget then press save 

2.2. Widget :
2.2.1. the selected Widget have an edit button to link it to certain  list of values from our DB 
2.2.2.some script Layer could be adjust  for example a bar chart and I want to group by with some think shift 
2.2.3. this script layer will be helpful , I shouldn't create an endpoint for every think this will written in the widget this script layer , other with I should written 100k endpoint my software should be generic


3. Functionality :
3.1. our engine  
3.1.1. have a job which run to learn one time per day or defined per user (out side working our) - which take long time to make Correlation between all process parameter vs ( all defect id) and start to learn 
3.1.2. have a job which run to learn one time per day or defined per user (out side working our) - which take long time to make Correlation between all process parameter vs ( downtime Id ) and start to learn 
3.1.3. have a job which run to learn one time per day or defined per user (out side working our) - which take long time to make Correlation between all process parameter vs ( all defineed KPI) and start to learn 
3.1.4. have overall job which through all data to learn once per week or defined per user (out side working our)
3.1.5. all those jobs also existing in Adminstrator part - Jobs Monitors page , to be monitor 

3.2. ML  Area -  Correlation Page - (every generate page from job will be in one tab inside): 
3.2.1. User can select certain defect id  or certain down time id  or certain KPI Id and select inspection duration (check during last week , last month , last year) and make a name for this inspection Job 
3.2.2. and Inpsection Job is run based on our engine learning ML , after running finish it generate a page which contain several widget and chart to demonstate what are the parameter more infleunce and lead to that 
3.2.3. user can decide to save this page and  that this job to run periodcal (for example every hour or every day )or just run it with now using run button  against this page 

3.3. ML  Area  - Suggestion and recommdation Page 
not yet define how it will be but I guess all this learning of those jobs existing in my enigne in  3.1.1 , 3.1.2. , 3.1.3 and  3.1.4 will created alot of
  Suggestion and recommdation from my engine assiant as ChatGpt to tell who better we can perfom in the plant
